---
layout: post
title:  "Week 5"
---

I learned a few things this week in SWE and related events. I also think some of classmates learned a few things too. One of them being that you should be careful when using public test repos. It was not my mistake, but someone accidentally used ```git push -f``` and people thought their test files they had uploaded days earlier had been deleted. I too was confused how my file disappeared until I looked at the history. I feel bad for that guy. 

I also learned that we will be using Flask this semester, which is a deviation from the past use of Django. Anyone who knows me knows how much I love Flask. I'm pretty excited to build out a larger API with it. I've always wanted to. I actually gave a talk at University of MAD on Saturday that was an introduction to web development, which included an explanation on Flask as a framework and how to create your first Flask application with each line of code broken down. Although I had been concerned since I had very little time to prepare, I think it went great. There wasn't a single open seat in the room.

This week I also made a stupid mistake on a quiz and think I have learned my lesson. When you have a function ```f()``` with some print statements in it, and call ```x = f()``` it does not execute ```f()``` at the time it gets to that line. I feel like I knew this already, but in the heat of the moment I wrote out the print statements in the incorrect order. Luckily, I made up for it with a perfect score on the next quiz which included a similar line of code. This leads to the Tip of the Week...

> Tip of the Week:
> When you make a mistake in a quiz, review it as soon as possible because it might reappear in the next quiz with more to it. You will really hate yourself for not reviewing if you make the same mistake twice. 