---
layout: post
title:  "The End"
---

My last week of class in my undergraduate career has come and gone. Sadly I didn't really get to enjoy it and spent the whole week studying for and stressing about exams. My honest opinion of the Software Engineering exam was that it stunk, for me at least. It was really hard to get something down on all the questions. I barely started the last question when I had to turn it in. 

There were a few areas that I could have studied harder to make it easier on myself but hind sight is 20/20. I thought there would be more of some content over others on the exam that we had spent more time on in class, but I predicted incorrectly. I feel confident that I got at least what I need for a C... Because at this point... Cs get degrees.

Following this, I should say that while I was unable to do well on both Software Engineering exams, I learn A TON in the course and did great on the projects. I feel projects are where you should really learn in a course like this. You are completely on your own with your team when it comes to the actual code. It is great real life experience. I could have taken an easier CS UDE and writing flag my last semester of college, but I choose the class knowing I would come out a better software engineer. I knew that the exams would be tough for me after my experience with the Object Oriented Programming course about two years ago, but I again wanted to gain knowledge more than anything else. 

> Tip of the Week: 
> I recently had an interesting experience on the class Piazza group when I asked about a specific Django book and wanting to learn it next. I basically was told in an somewhat rude way that my choice in framework and language was a wrong next step. This is my take on the experience and words I hope to live by: If a person wants to learn something, they should be able to do just that without a fear of what they choose to learn about being "wrong."